we are previewing week 11 in the NFL
here at sbr forum videos on Peter lojack
we're talking right now with returning
guests Troy west from all plays wind
calm and all of his plays have in fact
one with us over the past couple weeks
kind of took me by surprise but a very
impressed Troy West thanks a lot being
feller work we're real happy with what
we're doing over at all plays wind calm
you know last week we get Washington on
Saturday with a huge out right we'll
plan taking care of Utah and then we
come right back with us Cincinnati on
Sunday with another out right when
normally not a huge underdog player but
we go with 200 hours last week they win
the game outright in both games you know
one of those games being kick your feet
up at halftime and and open a beard feel
pretty good about winning both games you
got like that all right well let's see
if we can get one more NFL win this week
calm okay we're betting we're going to
talk about the Bengals at chiefs now the
Chiefs are coming off of that monday
night football game where they you know
got the easy cover against Pittsburgh
but it was kind of rainy conditions and
they were sort of like determined not to
suck in that game now there are three or
three and a half point home dog to
Cincinnati of course coming off the the
Giants game in that I get the sense with
you tend to like identify value with a
team that's like extended over a few
weeks you did that with Washington a few
weeks ago and it seems like you might be
doing that with the Bengals here I'm
going to predict you like the Bengals as
a small road favorite Here I am I agree
around on Peter I'm back with the
bangles again reason why you know i
watched Kansas e plus I didn't play the
heart out they played really well
against the Pittsburgh team got to
remember but Ben Roethlisberger goes out
helps them out a little bit but Kansas
City's one of those teams they keep
pushing they keep pushing and they're
losing and they're losing and they're
losing Cincinnati's on the other side
where they're starting to catch fire a
little bit like we said company so they
play a really close game against Denver
you know played their hearts out at home
then they come back again next week or
left this last week and they take care
of the Giants handily I don't see this
being a letdown for Cincinnati I think
Cincinnati's got the train rolling at
the right time Andy doll I'll starting
to play really well the defense played
phenomenal against the Giants I can't
see the Chiefs moving the ball much at
home I I think Cincinnati takes care of
business by least 10 points in this game
I think this team sits actually
determined to make a playoff push where
the city's done I mean again city can't
figure out what they want to do a
quarterback they can't
figure out what they want to do in the
run game I think Cincinnati wins this
game handily Peter really do I don't see
trap written on this game at all
Cincinnati wins yeah it reminds me of
the the green bay game that I just
talked about a little while ago you know
this year in the NFL there have been a
lot of these three three and a half
point for point road favorites that the
public has just been all over and those
favorites have been covering a lot the
books been getting killed by them and
and this game appears to be one of those
once again I mean why don't you think
this line you know that when the public
sees this line they're going to love the
Bengals and it seems like those you know
sides of the public is obviously going
to love have been the right side so why
don't you think that the books made this
you know six points or even seven so
it's a good point i don't know if it's
because of the way that the cheese
performant perform the last couple of
weeks they're starting to play a little
bit better football a little bit more
competitive but you know i think though
I think the books are valuing way too
much in the home field advantage or the
NFL has been pretty sporadic all year I
mean I don't think you can pinpoint a
let down game on Cincinnati I think you
really need to look at you know what's
this team got the play for and look at
the motivation I mean you know they lose
that game at at home against Denver two
weeks ago they could easily laid an egg
against the Giants but you know you and
I built all the value and going with
Cincinnati they showed up the play I
don't think that they showed up the play
for just one week I think they're going
to do it again maybe the book see let
down written all over Cincinnati I don't
see it yeah well I can't exactly answer
why this line is as low as it is which
is something that whenever you see a
line that's off you always want to
answer that be able answer that question
why is this line where it is and I can't
quite answer here but I'm agreeing with
you I think Cincinnati is the play
thanks once again troy west from all
plays wind calm and we'll talk to you
next week